In the previous section, we have used mutexes to lock and unlock shared memory resources.
Now despite the flexibility this allows us,
there's the great danger of a deadlock because circumstances might
conspire in a way that the call to unlock never comes.
In this section, we will look at an extended locking concept that
ensures the unlock operation will happen regardless of the circumstances.
Now the basic idea of this concept is to package
calls to the mutex in an object called a lock_guard,
and this object's locks the mutex at the time of
its creation and unlocks it automatically when it's destroyed.
Now, imagine that in the middle of accessing a shared memory location there
is an exception and the program flow is directed away from the current thread.
As soon as the lock_guard object is invalidated by going out of scope,
the lock on the shared data is released and others can access it again.
This is a super useful concept,
which is extended even further by a similar form called unique_lock,
which gives us even more flexibility to lock and unlock
a resource at the time of our choosing. Now let's take a look.